# CS50 Winter 2024 Lab 5, indexer

### TSE - Indexer

The TSE Indexer is designed to traverse files generated by the TSE Crawler component, parsing the HTML content of webpages to construct an inverted index. This index associates words with counter_t structures that map document IDs (corresponding to individual files) to the frequency of the word's appearance within that document.

### Usage

The `indexer.c` file utilizes external structures including *hashtable, *counters, and *webpage to fulfill its purpose. It defines key functions as follows:

```c
static void indexBuild(index_t* index, char* pageDirectory);
static void indexPage(index_t* index, webpage_t* page, int docID);
```

For testing purposes, the script `testing.sh` requires the presence of directories named `../tse-output/letters-depth-0`, `../tse-output/letters-depth-1`, `../tse-output/letters-depth-2`, `../tse-output/letters-depth-3`, and `../tse-output/letters-depth-4`. These should be populated with data from the Crawler and be accessible for reading and writing. The `make valgrind` command specifically checks the `../tse-output/letters-depth-1` directory.

### Implementation

Initiating with an empty index, the indexer processes each file within a specified crawler directory. It employs `indexBuild` to iterate over these files, invoking `indexPage` on the HTML content of each. This function iterates through all words found within the content, managing *counter_t structures as needed, and integrates them into the overarching index.

See [Implementation Docs](IMPLEMENTATION.md)

### Assumptions

Assumed existence of directories named `../tse-output/letters-depth-0`, `../tse-output/letters-depth-1`, `../tse-output/letters-depth-2`, `../tse-output/letters-depth-3`, and `../tse-output/letters-depth-4`

### Files

* `DESIGN.md` - Design documentation
* `IMPLEMENTATION.md` - Detailed implementation notes
* `REQUIRMENTS.md` - Project requirements
* `Makefile` - Defines the compilation process
* `indexer.c` - Main functionality of the indexer
* `indextest.c` - Testing suite for the indexer
* `testing.sh` - Script for automated testing
* `testing.out` - Output from the make test command, showcasing test results
* `.gitignore` - Specifies untracked files that Git should ignore

### Compilation

execute `make indexer.o` to build the indexer and `make indextest.o` to compile the testing module.


### Testing

Ensure the presence of specified directories filled with crawler data to proceed with testing. Execute `make test` to initiate tests and analyze `testing.out` for detailed results, including a sample test run.

Utilize `make valgrind` for memory leak tests and further analysis.